yes okay right one over seven this is a
bittersweet one my number seven is Mount
your friends on the Xbox 360 this is
that I heard of this this week yeah this
is really bittersweet
I was doing my twice weekly scanning the
Xbox Live Indie game area and I saw one
game called mad your friends and two
scantily clad guys grappling and I
thought well great I'm definitely not
down like that I started playing it and
not only is it hilarious it is excellent
it is an absolutely excellent video and
the annoying thing is I thought I've
discovered it and then I'll grab my
phone and literally brilliantly one of
our listeners had already gone on to
Twitter to recommend it to us yeah and
then half I'm a you notice that the the
launch trailers got like God knows how
many hits loads of youtubers are playing
it and getting millions in it so it
became like a phenomenon in no time and
is hilarious I mean if you've seen it I
don't know if you've seen it you should
just go and Google the trailer mount
your friends you just play these big
guys the first one will mount a goat and
then you have to climb on top and you've
got 60 seconds for each guy you control
each limb each of the four limbs with
the four face buttons of the Xbox and
it's unbelievably entertaining just to
play its first of all it's the hardest
thing in the world trying to maneuver
these sort of guys have you seen it I
wish - I wish the Train am did Luke very
funny once you get used to it though and
you're flinging these guys all over the
place and trying to build them as high
as you can it's just it's just
incredibly fun incredibly satisfying
it's a genius idea that I don't know why
someone hadn't thought of it before
besides being amusing I mean the guy's
junk I suppose you'd call it in America
of swings around I can't like it's a
limb but you know you can't control it
there's really dramatic music I mean
imagine the end of would it be some
family-friendly heartthrob at the end of
the movies dead and then he comes back
to life and starts crawling along to go
really girl that's the music
occasionally punctuated by the odd
which all of that stuff
I mean it's amusing all of that stuff
would be for nothing if it wasn't just a
fantastically fun to play and it really
is
there's loads of modes there's loads of
content it is it I was blown away by its
genuinely brilliant and I'm dead serious
the best game on my on the Xbox Live
Indie games is bleed but that's 400
Microsoft Points and it's it's a
different thing really this is 80
Microsoft Points I'm telling you there's
going to be drinking games that are
gonna spring out of this thing
and oh it's brilliant it's brilliant I
think that's the best thank you Mike
reports you can spend in the marketplace
and shit I need to get it I've got I've
got your point sitting there fact if you
haven't it I mean at least the troll at
least the troll you as soon as you pick
it up you'll be like this they could
beat all of it springing up about it
it's that fun and it's that I was really
just thought to myself I don't know why
this hasn't been made previously to this
because it's so clever it works so well
and it's just funny I mean next time
I've got enough people around we're
taking in terms of this we're gonna sort
of create some kind of drinking game
around it because it is just brilliant
I'm telling you is it just single player
no no you won't you can take it turns
yeah so it's all there's all different
sort of ways of yeah I mean you can have
it set up so you can have like I think
up so I set a game up and I have ups
like eight players and one go and you
take it in turns those guys got 60
seconds and you've got Crowell on top of
the other guy brilliant that sounds
hilarious it's just fantastic out on the
honesty if you have an xbox I think it's
the best item ogress of points you can
possibly spend on the machine it's
brilliant